Nautilus guide
we start with the runes marks of
armor seals of indecency life of
armor and finally children of
Magic resistance
or you can use this in which I use in
rne what is percentage stamps of
life that is very efficient in the
energy not so much but good also
may vary
masters we will use 9 of resistance and 21
useful
you can use the one that I use in the run
it's almost similar but it's focused
more in physical endurance and endurance
magic and armor
Chachachá de Rincon Chachachá
the skills first we start with the
level 2 and we raise the q and level 3 you
we finished climbing the double view
or you can upload double tails first if it's
that you meet champions
aggressive like the morgana or the avalanche
who play you are always wearing
life until more can not
invoking spells here you have two
options the first is to turn on and
flash the second is exhaustion and
flash and what to use I always use
exhaustion although people say that
Nautilus has too much CC and is placed
to light is not a bad option but to
the long is not going to help you anymore
that when it comes to defending your a
He drove in a team fai exhaustion will be
of much help
object
the main objects will be shield
the relic four good crackers
You can also opt for
secondary that is based more on
resistance and good defense now let's see
how to play with nautilos is not difficult
but you have to have a few things in
account such as entering a
fight when the enemy sports is without
skills also take into account the
resistance and the life of the opponent
always protect car as this
small fight
I would have had exhaustion and I would be
dead to be hard
you have to keep in mind some things
before treating you
First
take into account four players
enemies if you are five of them
there are three grab anyone who gets
put on your way no matter what party
you want to grab anybody when it's a
country five against five always grab
the weaker at the same time the tennis or
those champions who have no escape
they will be easier to kill
obviously you will not pull a very low
because you would get into a serious problem
my mother would be something crazy of huancayo
haha take a short shot and assured
a victory but it does assure to treat them
tim fain as long as there is a good
combination in it
good communication and the most
important to know when to start a
good fight can also affect your
external factors what I believe that I
I have
well until my militia arrived
I say player I hope you liked it
the video do not forget to subscribe to
my channel
it's okay
share the Indian please and if you do not
liked the video
well
you am in the comments to know
what should we improve
hahaha good this is that is all and even
the next